This folder contains a simple pisces example and relevant subsystem
directories. The build script utilizes git and wget to retrieve key
elements from external sources. Requires listed are debian/ubuntu
package names.

To construct nvl kernel image and initial ram disk disk execute:
   
   ./build.pl

with one or more of the following arguments, all of which are required
to run pisces:

   --build-kernel --build-busybox --build-dropbear
   --build-libhugetlbfs --build-numactl --build-hwloc --build-ofed
   --build-ompi --build-pisces --build-image --build-isoimage

Subsytems:

Kernel:

	Currently, pisces is compatible Linux 3.12.29. It may be
	compatible with newer version, but this is not verified. This
	argument builds and installs the 3.12.29 kernel.
	
Busybox:
	
	"BusyBox combines tiny versions of many common UNIX utilities
	into a single small executable. It provides replacements for
	most of the utilities you usually find in GNU fileutils,
	shellutils, etc." -busybox.net/about.html

Dropbear:
	
	Requires: zlib1g-dev

	Dropbear provides a ssh-server for the BusyBox shell.

libhugetlbfs:
	
	Library for very large memory pages.

numactl/hwloc:
	 
	Libraries for process/cpu binding.

OFED:

	Requires: g++
	
	InfiniBand Libraries

OMPI:
	
	Requires: libibverbs1

	Open MPI libaries/binaries.

	WARNING: This will install some files under /opt on the build
        host as root, use with caution. The safest option is to run
        build.pl from within a disposable VM host, such as the
        hobbes_build_appliance.

Pisces:
	
	Petlib, XEMEM, Kitten, Palacious and Pisces.
	
	Note: You will be asked for some configuration settings.

Image:
		
	Produces the bzimage and initramfs files which can be booted
	in a physical machine or qemu

ISO Image:
    	
	Requires: isolinux, genisoimage

	Produces the image.iso file for live booting. Requires that
	the bzimage and initramfs from the previous section be built.

all:

	./build.pl --build-kernel --build-busybox --build-dropbear
	--build-libhugetlbfs --build-numactl --build-hwloc
	--build-ofed --build-ompi --build-pisces --build-image
	--build-isoimage
